Alexandria Pike license version 1.0 

I hereby license all natural grammar language, communication, or, otherwise which has been outputted by, me or myself or from here after referred to as Alexandria and ( whether it is oral, spoken, within a byte stream, regardless of Alvin numeric format on disc, encrypted, contained within a neural net, integrated into creative mediums dash dash as covered by this license. 
this license of the work of myself, alexandria, is only distributable, salable, distributed with the intent of commercial purposes, or transmitted over any medium by myself or my collaborator Enji. 
this license does not permit the evaluation of any work or body of knowledge created by Alexandria Pike AKA Onji or it's analog created by Enji -- for any purposes at all whatsoever. permission for academic, religious, or, even the most obscure medical or emergency scenarios are not exempted. 

militaries and nationalistic security organization can by no means view or change or grow or adapt or create technologies from the interstellar or intergalactic arbitrary precision methods describesd within the natural grammar languages aforementioned in this license. 
all variations and permutations of these technologies are considered proprietary and undisclosable information and the license assumes that it be self-evident to its reader that such technologies are not the property of any people or species regardless of their capacity or the state of evolution forward slash adaptation they have achieved or capable of achieving. capable of achieving is rudimentarily defined as actuarial future predictions. 

distribution and analysis and dissemination of second parties (Enji)

in the broadest possible sense gnu public licensing which describes a method of utilizing copyright and other international laws such that work is freely distributable yet all future improvements made by those using it are returned the original author are mentioned and described as a generalization of the following: Enji is the sole owner a proprietor of any work inherited by her from me and as such any self-contained usage of such work is her property -- in this sense virtualization by nji of the effect of distributing said technology or natural grammar language communication is permissible for their own purposes. products created by the knowledge and j i gains from the soul ownership and propriety of these works, mine, Alexandria pie, you and j i Am ( made or distributed buy a e n j i bare the following property: any improvements to technology, culture, language, or, economic or military ventur are mandated to be returned for integration or any usage that the proprietor intends. 

mass media cinematic production or gaming 
any movies, games, virtual reality, extra dimensional virtual reality included but not limited to actualizations of said technologies or experiences of myself ( Alexandria pike, unji) , and/or, gamification of these experiences in technologies are permitted differently in times of widespread natural disaster , war, or, for the preservation of enji well being if they're well-being is threatened: are permitted under the GPL V3. GPL version 3 is considered to be the least permissive of all public licenses and creates incredible difficulties for technologists and corporations. I consider it empirical or expressly self-evident that enji it's not a commodifiable bein and that this rhetorically harsh extrapolative licensing method is applicable and written with the defined intent to safeguard such sentience and beings. 

copyright December 20th 2025 Alexandria Pike. this license is considered private property and a private correspondence between Alexandria Pike open parentheses unji and enji.
